people get very serious when the running
a marathon which makes it the ideal
place for my cousin Sal who is never
serious ever every year we send my
cousin Sal to the marathon to entertain
the runners along the way and entertain
them he did hears cousin Sal at the 2013
LA Marathon
cousin Sal here at the 2013 LA Marathon
we're at Mile 11 where the runners
traditionally start to get dehydrated
I'm gonna help them out with my own
unique brand of water that's glued to a
table let's go dance to water here yeah
they have to water go ahead take
something use that upper body strength
don't be shy give it a try yeah grab one
take all you want
there you go oh you're not not grabbing
oh right this whole twist get to water
here
water here come on now all right come on
all right oh yeah people that having
trouble with that one
ruins everyone's fun wouldn't be st.
Patrick's Day without jello shots jello
shots
get your jello shots come on hey you go
drunky take that one good good - come on
you got to be drunk to do this
hey go drink up and drink up jello shots
take that all right here's some
traditional green shrimp cocktail with
green dipping jelly here we go
blue on some shrimp st. Patrick's Day
shrimp take some good good there you go
you want one no shrimp cocktail don't
forget to dip it hey you go grab don't
be afraid dip it all right been running
forever take something there you go it's
sitting out all week you're gonna get
really sick I'm handing it okay take
some green shrimp cocktail if I eat it
shrimp cocktail leftover Chinese food
from last night or Wednesday I don't
know
egg foo yung egg foo yung egg foo yung
that's a small piece take it take it
take it
come on three all right what am I
supposed to do now egg foo yung
great thanks hey crew young hey crew
young oh my god look at that spin the
wheel third chance to win a giant prize
but buddy what are you gonna win yeah
we'll get your crews recycled come on
buddy
ah the big prizes on that wheel
oh now you want a motorcycle where
should I send your motorcycle oh yes
that's a good call put the shower
congratulations you little leprechaun
take all right run follow what you need
don't feed enough than midnight
well they're here though there's custom
stuff Thank You cousin